
## Aran Jannson Portfolio Web Application

### Description

This is a portfolio web application designed to showcase my projects and more. Built with Nuxt 3 and Tailwind CSS, it offers a modern and responsive user interface.

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:
- Node.js (minimum version 20.0.0)
- Yarn (minimum version 4.0.0) or npm/pnpm
- Nuxt 3.9 (installed via Yarn/npm/pnpm)
- Tailwind CSS (minimum version 3.3.6)

### Installation

Clone the repository and navigate to the project directory:

```bash
#HTTPS
git clone https://github.com/AranJannson/PortfolioWebsite.git

#SSH
git clone git@github.com:AranJannson/PortfolioWebsite.git

#Navigate to project directory
cd PortfolioWebsite
```

Install dependencies using Yarn, npm, or pnpm:

```bash
# Using Yarn
yarn install

# Using npm
npm install

# Using pnpm
pnpm install
```

### Usage

#### Development

Start the development server:

```bash
# Using Yarn
yarn dev

# Using npm
npm run dev

# Using pnpm
pnpm run dev
```

Your project will run at http://localhost:3000.

#### Production Build

Generate a production build:

```bash
# Using Yarn
yarn generate

# Using npm
npm run generate

# Using pnpm
pnpm run generate
```

#### Start Production Server

Start the production server:

```bash
# Using Yarn
yarn start

# Using npm
npm run start

# Using pnpm
pnpm run start
```

# License
MIT License. 

See [LICENSE](LICENSE)


---

# Project Support Notice

## Attention Users

Please be aware that only the **latest official version** of this project is supported.

### Version Information
- **Current Supported Version**: 0.9.5
- Please ensure you are using this version for full support.

### Disclaimer
- **Forks**: Any forks of this project are **not supported**.
- **Modifications**: Any edits or modifications made to the project are also **not supported**.
- Use of unsupported versions may lead to unexpected behavior, security vulnerabilities, and lack of access to the latest features.

It's important to use the latest official version to ensure you have the most up-to-date features and security updates.

Thank you for understanding.

---

# Contribution Guidelines

We warmly welcome contributions to the project! Whether it's bug reports, feature requests, or code contributions, your help is greatly appreciated. Here are some guidelines to get you started:

#### Reporting Bugs and Requesting Features

- Use the GitHub Issues to report bugs or suggest features.
- Be as detailed as possible in your descriptions.
- Check if the issue has already been reported or addressed.

#### Code Contributions

- Fork the repository and create your branch from `master`.
- If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
- Issue that pull request!

#### Localization Contributions

- To contribute to localization, check the current status of translations.
- Follow the structure provided by `@nuxtjs/i18n`.
- Ensure translations are accurate and contextually appropriate.

Your contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

For more detailed instructions, please refer to the contribution guidelines.

---

# Logo

> Current Logo (12/2023) - Generated by [DALL-E](https://chat.openai.com/)

---
